Post "Manage fork repository locally and remotely" article (#44)
iScsc/blog.iscsc.fr: src/content/posts/manage-fork-repository-locally-and-remotely/index.md

And don't worry, you will be able to keep working on your code even after pull-requesting, just create other commits and push as we did before.

You could also mark your PR as a draft to tell your reviewers that you are still working on it by clicking there:

![](convert-to-draft-1.png)

## Update your fork

Once your Pull Request have been accepted on the remote origin repository, you may update your fork to the new state of the origin repository.

To do so, you shall :

* 1 - Go on your fork page on github and press the "Update branch" button:  
![](sync-your-fork-1.png)
* 2 - Then, to update your local copy, you should use these 3 commands:
  * 2.1 - `git fetch origin`: To download the remote state of the repository to your local github (you may now see it with the git log command we talked about above)
  * 2.2 - `git checkout main`: To put your git `HEAD` on your `main` branch
  * 2.3 - `git rebase origin/main`: To move your local main to remote reference you have just downloaded

## Conclusion

> Now you know everything you need to start working with forks. Don't hesitate to do so on the [Iscsc repositories](https://github.com/iScsc) if you want to participate in the development of the club!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you know everything you need to start working with forks. Don't hesitate to do so on the [iScsc repositories](https://github.com/iScsc) if you want to participate in the development of the club!
```

---
title: "Manage fork repository locally and remotely"
summary: "TODO"
date: 2024-04-16T20:00:00-02:00
lastUpdate: 2024-06-03T23:04:17+0200
tags: ["git", "github"]

> author: Zyno

Author: ```suggestion 
author: Zyno and ctmbl
```
Can we put multiple authors?

Reviewer: nop unfortunately 😕 
I have a side project of enablinbg that feature but it's really not a priority and isn't often used
just keep yourself as the author but you might add something like https://github.com/iScsc/blog.iscsc.fr/blob/8e8ad67fe217bac9f1565e192db98b946041ac62/src/content/posts/docker_bind_mounts_introduction.md?plain=1#L11

Author: Ok then we will modify it later when it will be merged!
Untill then I will add this line.

When you have finished staging all your changes, you can commit by using the `commit` command:
```
git commit -m <your_commit_name>
```
> Note that commits are intended to be meaningful **little** piece of code, generally you should create several commits per Pull Request and **avoid** fat commits  
> As one says "commit early and commit often"

Note that this will just commit your changes on your local branch.
When you want to send these changes to the remote repository, you shall use the `push` command:
```
git push origin <your_branch>
```

> `git` commands are also integrated into some code editors such as `VS code`, but you should know that it may sometimes do some strange things, and using the terminal commands may make it easier to understand what really happens

## Pull requesting

When you have a first version of your code and you want to propose your changes to the origin repository, you will need to pull request.

To do so, you must first push your branch to the remote repository.  
When it is done, go on the origin repository GitHub page, and you will have the possibility to Pull Request your changes.

![](create-pull-request-1.png)

> > You should see this banner on the GitHub page of your fork and the original repository, it doesn't matter

Author: > You should see this banner on the GitHub page of your fork and the original repository, it doesn't matter

I do not understand what is meant by ``

Reviewer: yup indeed that's not really clear
I just meant that you can click on either one (the button from your fork's page or from the original repo's page) it will create a PR either way

Reviewer: feel free to suggest something else!

Author: ```suggestion
> You should see this banner on the GitHub page of your fork and the original repository. You can click on either one.
```
